Release 5.0.7 (#3134)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.6.md

[[= release_note_entry_begin("Symbol attribute " + version, '2025-08-05', ['Headless', 'Experience', 'Commerce', 'LTS Update', 'New feature', 'First release']) =]]

> The Symbol attribute allows you to store standardized identifiers of your products in the [product catalog](product_catalog_guide.md).

Reviewer: This file doesn't exists on 4.6, right?

```suggestion
The Symbol attribute allows you to store standardized identifiers of your products in the [product catalog](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/pim/pim_guide/).
```

[[= release_note_entry_begin("Date and time attribute " + version, '2025-03-04', ['Headless', 'Experience', 'Commerce', 'LTS Update', 'New feature', 'First release']) =]]

> The Date and time attributes allow you to represent date and time values as part of the product specification in the [product catalog](product_catalog_guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Date and time attributes allow you to represent date and time values as part of the product specification in the [product catalog](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/pim/pim_guide/).
```
